Update upgrade guide for 3.14 (#779)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/upgrade-guides/3-13-to-3-14.mdx

---

:::info

> To follow the zero-downtime strategy when upgrading to 3.14, **It is recommend first migrating to at least 3.13.17** and turn on the celery worker to process all data migrations asynchronously.

Reviewer: Chaned celery to Celery plus some updates from Grammarly:
```suggestion
To follow the zero-downtime strategy when upgrading to 3.14, **It is recommended first migrate to at least 3.13.17** and turn on the Celery worker to process all data migrations asynchronously.
```

> To follow the zero-downtime strategy when upgrading to 3.14, **It is recommended first migrate to at least 3.13.17** and turn on the Celery worker to process all data migrations asynchronously.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To follow the zero-downtime strategy when upgrading to 3.14, **It is recommended to first migrate to at least 3.13.17** and turn on the Celery worker to process all data migrations asynchronously.
```
